Washington: In a blow to Donald Trump, a group of 50 Republican national security experts has said the White House nominee would be a dangerous President and would put the country's safety at risk. The group included former top spy masters and diplomats.However, Trump sought to dismiss their charges by saying that these 'Washington elites' should look for answers on why the world has become a mess.In a statement issued on Monday, the group of national security experts said, 'None of us will vote for Donald Trump. From a foreign policy perspective, Trump is not qualified to be the President and Commander-in-Chief. Indeed, we are convinced that he would be a dangerous President and would put at risk our country's national security and well-being.''Most fundamentally, Trump lacks the character, values, and experience to be President. He weakens the US' moral authority as the leader of the free world,' said the letter which has been signed by individuals who served in senior national security and foreign policy positions in Republican administrations, from Richard Nixon to George W Bush.The statement added that the 70-year-old business tycoon appears to lack basic knowledge about and belief in the US Constitution, US laws and US institutions, including religious tolerance, freedom of the press and an independent judiciary.Claiming that Trump lacks the temperament to be the President, the statement alleged he has demonstrated repeatedly that he has little understanding of America's vital national interests, its complex diplomatic challenges, its indispensable alliances and the democratic values on which the US foreign policy must be based.Trump, the statement said, is unable or unwilling to separate truth from falsehood. He does not encourage conflicting views.'He lacks self-control and acts impetuously. He cannot tolerate personal criticism. He has alarmed our closest allies with his erratic behavior. All of these are dangerous qualities in an individual who aspires to be President and Commander-in-Chief, with command of the US nuclear arsenal,' they said.The group joins members of the security establishment who have already come out against Trump, including former CIA director Michael Morell, who last Friday accused Trump of being an 'unwitting agent' of Russian President Vladimir Putin.Prominent among those who signed the letter were former CIA director Michael Hayden, former US trade representative Carla A Hills, former US Ambassador to India Robert Blackwill and former associate director for Near East affairs, National Security Council, White House Richard Fontaine.Striking back, Trump, in a statement issued late night, said, 'We thank them for coming forward so everyone in the country knows who deserves the blame for making the world such a dangerous place. They are nothing more than the failed Washington elite looking to hold onto their power and it's time they are held accountable for their action.'Trump said that the signatories, along with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, are the owners of the disastrous decisions to invade Iraq, allow Americans to die in Benghazi, and they are the ones who allowed the rise of ISIS.'Yet despite these failures, they think they are entitled to use their favor trading to land taxpayer-funded government contracts and speaking fees. It's time we put our foot down and declare that their gravy train is over: no longer will crooked Hillary Clinton and the other disasters in Washington get rich at our expense,' he said.Trump asserted that he has offered a better vision for the country and foreign policy - one that is not run by a ruling family dynasty.'It's an America first vision that stands up to foreign dictators instead of taking money from them, seeks peace over war, rebuilds our military, and makes other countries pay their fair share for their protection. Together, we will break up the rigged system in Washington, make America safe again, and we will make America great again,' he said.(With agency inputs)


New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi could not have been clearer when he went all out to congratulate Donald Trump on his victory at the U.S. presidential hustings.The PM wants to strengthen ties with the United States. He is even planning a meeting with the next President of the most powerful country on earth, sources said.India expects Trump's victory to cement the bilateral relations, which have been on the mend for at least two decades.The Indian establishment expects to see another face of Trump as an administrator.If there was a theme running through the business tycoon's speeches in the last one year, it was U.S. superiority in all aspects.He had a U.S.-centric perspective on everything including commerce, immigration, global security and military alliances.Trump would take oath as U.S. President on January 20 with ideas starkly in contrast with those of his predecessor, Barack Obama.Indian officials will be busy for the next 70 days up to the presidential oath, striking a chord with the core members of Team Trump. This period will prove valuable to gather insights into Trump's actual thinking about issues such as economic growth, immigration and climate change.External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj's key aides, including National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and External Affairs Secretary S Jayasankar, are known to be close to the Obama administration. They are also in contact with Trump's men.Navtej Sarna, India's new Ambassador in Washington DC, will also strive to ensure cordial relations with the new team.Modi himself wants to arrange a detailed one-on-one with Trump as soon as he moves in to the White House, top officials in New Delhi suggest.Such an interaction will lay the groundwork for the relations between India and the Unites States over the next four years. This meeting may have to wait until Trump is sworn in.Modi and his team are anxious to ensure Trump's support to India's attempt to enter the Nuclear Suppliers' Group. Another area of interest is Trump's handling of the policy towards China.


Washington: A Trump Administration will execute a 10-point plan to 'restore the integrity' of the US immigration system, including building a wall along the border with Mexico, suspension of visas from certain countries and reforming the legal immigration system, the president-elect's transition team said today.The new Administration under Donald Trump will focus on radical ideologies, nuclear weapons and cyber-attacks as three areas of threat in the national defense and security domain, the transition team said.The team listed out what it called the 10-point plan for immigration reform though not much details of such a policy framework were immediately available. It broadly indicates the policies articulated by Trump during his election campaigning, but the list gives a maturity in the policy formation and not simply a rhetoric.As per the Trump Transition, the list includes build a wall on the southern border, end catch-and-release, zero tolerance for criminal aliens, block funding for sanctuary cities, and cancel unconstitutional executive orders and enforce all immigration laws.It also includes suspending the issuance of visas to any place where adequate screening cannot occur. This policy appears to have evolved from Trump's election time statements related to banning entry of Muslims from entering the country.The policy, among other things, also calls to ensure that other countries take their people back when US deports them.Interestingly, this year India has taken back at least three charter planes full of people who came to the US illegally or were asked to be deported.Among other policies include completing the biometric entry-exit visa tracking system and turning off the jobs and benefits magnet.The Trump Transition has also talked about reforming the legal immigration system, which among other things includes the much sought after H-1B visas.'Reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers,' it said, without giving any further details.While there is no mention of H-1B visas, a position paper issued by the Trump Campaign during the primaries was critical of this system and had called for increasing the minimum wage of H-1B visas to $100,000.This was described as a deal killer by immigration experts and Indian companies.'We graduate two times more Americans with STEM degrees each year than find STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) jobs, yet as much as two-thirds of entry-level hiring for IT jobs is accomplished through the H-1B program,' said the position paper.More than half of H-1B visas are issued for the program's lowest allowable wage level, and more than 80 percent for its bottom two, the position paper had rued.'Raising the prevailing wage paid to H-1Bs will force companies to give these coveted entry level jobs to the existing domestic pool of unemployed native and immigrant workers in the US, instead of flying in cheaper workers from overseas,' it said.This will improve the number of black, Hispanic and female workers in Silicon Valley who have been passed over in favor of the H-1B program, the Trump Campaign said then.However, Cato Institute in a policy paper yesterday said that Trump's H-1B visa policy proposal will reduce the number of legal skilled temporary migrant workers.Just over 124,000 H-1Bs were approved in 2014 for initial employment in the US, with 85,000 of them for employment in firms and the rest in non-profit research institutions.These workers have an average salary of $75,000 so they do not compete with low-skilled America workers, it said.'If the minimum salary for H-1B visas was bumped up to $100,000 then the number of H-1Bs hired by private firms would decrease while they'd also shrink for research institutions. The 75th percentile for wage compensation for H-1B workers is $81,000,' wrote Alex Nowrasteh, in his policy paper for the Cato Institute.'Even including all of the petitions for high wage workers that are rejected each year, this reform would significantly shrink the number of H-1B visas issued at an enormous economic cost. The H-1B system is also the feeder to the employment-based green card so any change here could disrupt future flows there even if no other changes are made,' Nowrasteh said.The Cato Institute said the policy would increase the regulatory cost for American firms hiring skilled foreign workers in specialty occupations.'Congress considered this policy for the H-1B visa in 1990 and rejected it because the regulatory costs would be so high,' Nowrasteh said.Trump's transition team in its brief position paper also listed radical ideologies, nuclear weapons and cyber attacks as three areas of threat in the national defense and security domain.'Mr. Trump recognizes that we cannot tackle challenges, especially threats to our security, unless we define the problem in a way that American resources and instruments of power can be applied against them,' the Trump Transition said, setting in motion to evolve policies and plan of action so that Trump is ready to take actions immediately after he is sworn in on January 20 next year.'To this end, Mr. Trump recognizes the long-term threat posed to our nation and our allies by radical ideologies that direct and inspire terrorism. A Trump Administration will be committed to both immediate and sustainable actions to counter the threats posed by these radical ideologies,' the position paper said.Noting that a Trump Administration also recognizes the uniquely catastrophic threats posed by nuclear weapons and cyber attacks, it said the president-elect will ensure the strategic nuclear triad is modernized to ensure it continues to be an effective deterrent.'His Administration will review and minimize our nation's infrastructure vulnerabilities to cyber threats,' it said.'Mr. Trump will be a strong Commander-in-Chief befitting our American men and women in uniform, and ensure their sacrifices will only be made in operations that safeguard the interests of the American people and our allies, and that their service will be honored as they enter the ranks of veterans,' the transition team said.Noting that America's stature in the world is determined by its values, prosperity and might, the transition team said the president-elect understands how a strong, prosperous economy underwrites military might, and how a strong, robust military secures Americas way of life and the fruits of economy.'Mr. Trump recognizes that we cannot tackle challenges, especially threats to our security, unless we define the problem in a way that American resources and instruments of power can be applied against them,' it said.Asserting that the Trump Administration will make America energy independent, the transition team said its energy policies will make full use of domestic energy sources, including traditional and renewable energy sources.'America will unleash an energy revolution that will transform us into a net energy exporter, leading to the creation of millions of new jobs, while protecting the country's most valuable resources our clean air, clean water, and natural habitats,' it added.Observing that America is sitting on a treasure trove of untapped energy, it said the country America possesses more combined coal, oil, and natural gas resources than any other nation on Earth.These resources represent trillions of dollars in economic output and countless American jobs, particularly for the poorest Americans, it noted.'We will streamline the permitting process for all energy projects, including the billions of dollars in projects held up by president (Barack) Obama, and rescind the job-destroying executive actions under his Administration,' it said.'We will end the war on coal, and rescind the coal mining lease moratorium, the excessive Interior Department stream rule, and conduct a top-down review of all anti-coal regulations issued by the Obama Administration,' it added.The Trump Administration will eliminate the highly invasive 'Waters of the US' rule, and scrap the $5 trillion dollar Obama-Clinton Climate Action Plan and the Clean Power Plan and prevent these unilateral plans from increasing monthly electric bills by double-digits without any measurable effect on Earth's climate.'Energy is the lifeblood of modern society. It is the industry that fuels all other industries. We will lift the restrictions on American energy, and allow this wealth to pour into our communities. It's all upside: more jobs, more revenues, more wealth, higher wages, and lower energy prices.'The Trump Administration is firmly committed to conserving our wonderful natural resources and beautiful natural habitats. America's environmental agenda will be guided by true specialists in conservation, not those with radical political agendas,' the Transition Team said.(With agency inputs)


Washington: Donald Trump often confuses leadership with dictatorship, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has said as she accused her Republican rival of having a 'weird fascination with dictators like Russian President Vladimir Putin.''He (Trump) gets confused between leadership and dictatorship. He has a hard time remembering who our friends are and who are adversaries are. He has a weird fascination with dictators like Putin,' Clinton, bashed Trump's relationship with the Russian president, at an election rally in Akron, Ohio, a key battleground State.'We have a lot of people living in this part of Ohio who, either themselves, their parents, or grandparents, came from countries that were under the yoke of oppression. And we are never going to let that happen again,' she said.The former secretary of state addressed several rallies in Ohio.Clinton said if she becomes president, Trump will be the last major party nominee to keep his taxes largely under wraps.'If I'm fortunate enough to be president, we're going to pass a law requiring anybody who is a nominee of a major, national party to have to release their taxes,' she said.At another election rally in Ohio, Clinton slammed the business record of Trump, who is a billionaire real estate mogul from New York.'This is Trump to a T. He's taken corporate excess and makes a business model out of it. He abuses his power, games the system, puts his own interests ahead of the country's. It's Trump first and everyone else last,' she said.'Not a single not a single CEO of a Fortune 100 company supports Trump's campaign. Think about it. I've been endorsed by very successful people Warren Buffett, Mike Bloomberg, Mark Cuban.I loved what Mark Cuban said when he endorsed me. He said, 'Look, I've been successful.' He actually is a real billionaire. And you know what? He used profit-sharing to help his employees, not bankruptcy to fire people. And when he sold his first company, he shared the profits with his employees, and 300 of them became millionaires. That's the kind of business practices I want to see more of in our country,' the 68-year-old said.Clinton said she is going to use the White House and every tool at her disposal to make the case that patriotism is profitable.'Standing up for America, investing in America will pay off. Now, we have always had innovators and entrepreneurs who build great companies and create real value. But we should not and we will not respect those who get rich by cheating everybody else,' she said.(With agency inputs)


 Washington: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has roped in Brexit leader Nigel Farage to canvass for him, a rare occasion when a foreign political leader has addressed an election rally in the US for one of the presidential candidates.'I could not possibly tell you how you should vote in this election... I will say this. If I was an American citizen, I wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me. In fact, I wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton if she paid me,' Farage told Trump supporters at an election rally in Jackson, Mississippi yesterday.In his speech, Farage from the UK Independence Party, who was responsible for the UK leaving the EU, drew comparisons between Brexit and the US presidential election.He urged people to defeat pollsters, the media and the Washington establishment.'I think you have a fantastic opportunity here with this campaign. I come to you from the UK with a message of hope and a message of optimism. It's a message that says if the little people, if the real people, if the ordinary, decent people are prepared to stand up and fight for what they believe in, we can overcome the big banks,' Farage added.This is one of the rarest occasion when a foreign political leader has addressed a public election rally in the US canvassing for one of the presidential candidates.(With agency inputs)  


New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi could not have been clearer when he went all out to congratulate Donald Trump on his victory at the U.S. presidential hustings.The PM wants to strengthen ties with the United States. He is even planning a meeting with the next President of the most powerful country on earth, sources said.India expects Trump's victory to cement the bilateral relations, which have been on the mend for at least two decades.The Indian establishment expects to see another face of Trump as an administrator.If there was a theme running through the business tycoon's speeches in the last one year, it was U.S. superiority in all aspects.He had a U.S.-centric perspective on everything including commerce, immigration, global security and military alliances.Trump would take oath as U.S. President on January 20 with ideas starkly in contrast with those of his predecessor, Barack Obama.Indian officials will be busy for the next 70 days up to the presidential oath, striking a chord with the core members of Team Trump. This period will prove valuable to gather insights into Trump's actual thinking about issues such as economic growth, immigration and climate change.External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj's key aides, including National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and External Affairs Secretary S Jayasankar, are known to be close to the Obama administration. They are also in contact with Trump's men.Navtej Sarna, India's new Ambassador in Washington DC, will also strive to ensure cordial relations with the new team.Modi himself wants to arrange a detailed one-on-one with Trump as soon as he moves in to the White House, top officials in New Delhi suggest.Such an interaction will lay the groundwork for the relations between India and the Unites States over the next four years. This meeting may have to wait until Trump is sworn in.Modi and his team are anxious to ensure Trump's support to India's attempt to enter the Nuclear Suppliers' Group. Another area of interest is Trump's handling of the policy towards China.


Fayetteville (US): US president Barack Obama defended a supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as the crowd at a Democratic rally here began yelling at him when he stood up with a pro-Trump sign.Obama repeatedly told the crowd to 'hold up' as Hillary Clinton's supporters started booing a man who stood up with the sign supporting the Republican presidential nominee.The man, dressed in a military uniform, stood in the aisle of the arena stands and just held up his sign, which was one of the usual sizes. He didn't say anything.'No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold up. Hold up. Hold up. Hold up. Hold up. Hey, hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Hold up, hold up, hold up!,' said the President as the audience did not listen to him.'Hillary! Hillary! Hillary' they kept yelling.'Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, listen up! Hey, everybody! Everybody! Hey! Hey! Listen up! Hey! I told you to be focused, and you're not focused right now! Listen to what I'm saying,' Obama said as he appeared to be frustrated.'Hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Hold up! Everybody sit down and be quiet for a second. Everybody sit down and be quiet for a second. Now, listen up! I'm serious, listen up. You've got an older gentleman who is supporting his candidate. He's not doing nothing -- you don't have to worry about him,' Obama said.'This is what I mean about folks not being focused. First of all, we -- hold up! Hold up! First of all, we live in a country that respects free speech,' Obama said amidst applause from the audience.Obama told the crowd that it appears the man was a veteran, and they should respect his service.'So, second of all, it looks like maybe he might have served in our military, and we've got to respect that. Third of all, he was elderly, and we've got to respect our elders. And fourth of all, don't boo vote! Come on,' he said.Obama asked people to pay attention and reminded his supporters of free speech rights in the US.'Because if we don't -- if we lose focus, we could have problems. This is part of what's happened here during this election season. We just get stirred up for all kinds of reasons that are unnecessary. Just relax,' he said as the audience and the president burst into laughter.(With agency inputs)


Washington: Targeting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump over rejigging of his campaign for the second time in two months, his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has said the move will not change his personality.'I think it's fair to say that Donald Trump has shown us who he is, he can hire and fire anybody he wants from his campaign. They can make him read new words from a teleprompter,' Clinton said at an election rally in Cleveland yesterday.'But he is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, and thinks he knows more about ISIS than our generals,' she said amidst laughter from the audience.'There is no new Donald Trump. This is it. And you know, I hope you will talk to any of your friends who are flirting with the idea of voting for Donald Trump. Friends don't let friends vote for Trump,' Clinton said hours after the real estate tycoon from New York made a major shake up in his campaign, which political analysts said is aimed to boost his electioneering.After the two back-to-back conventions last month, Clinton has maintained a sustained lead in all the major national polls. As per RealClearPolitics, which keeps track of all major national polls, Clinton is leading Trump by more than six percentage points.Addressing a major election rally in this key swing State of Ohio, Clinton said under his economic proposals unveiled last week, Trump wants to give tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, Wall Street money managers.'He's even created a new tax loophole that we call the Trump Loophole, because it's really good for Trump. It would let millionaires and billionaires cut their tax rate in half on a lot of their income. Under his plans, Donald Trump would pay a lower tax rate than middle-class families,' she said.'Of course, we have no idea what tax rate he pays, because, unlike everybody else who's run for president in the last four or five decades, he refuses to release his tax returns, so the American people can't really judge,' she said.Taking a dig at Trump, Clinton said she is proud that she has run a campaign of issues, not insults.'That's what I'm going to continue to do for the next 83 days. Because I think the details actually matter. That's why I sweat the details,' she said.'I really care a lot about what happens to the young people and the families and our seniors. That's why I'm going to do everything I can to raise the national minimum wage so that it is a living wage,' Clinton said.(With agency inputs)


Washington: Sticking to his harsh immigration rhetoric, Donald Trump today vowed 'no amnesty' for millions of undocumented migrants living in the US and warned that those living in the country illegally would be deported if he becomes president.Delivering his eagerly awaited immigration policy, hours after meeting Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City, Trump, articulated a strong and tough immigration policy, which is quite opposite to that of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, which is based on compassion and providing a pathway to nearly 11 million illegal immigrants.Constructing a strong wall along its southern border, immediate deportation of criminal aliens, no amnesty for undocumented immigrants, extreme vetting along with ideological certifications for those seeking into the country and a merit-based legal entry system were some of the key parts of the 10-point immigration policy announced by Trump.'Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation,' Trump said in the highly anticipated speech in Phoenix in Arizona.He said any person living in the country illegally who is arrested for any crime whatsoever will immediately be placed into deportation proceedings.'We will break the cycle of amnesty and illegal immigration. There will be no amnesty. Our message to the world will be this: you cannot obtain legal status, or become a citizen of the United States, by illegally entering our country. This declaration alone will help stop the crisis of illegal crossings and illegal overstays,' Trump said.Asserting that he will reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers, Trump said the 'time has come for a new immigration commission to develop a new set of reforms to our legal immigration system in order to achieve the goals to keep immigration levels, measured by population share, within historical norms.''The goal would be to select immigrants based on their likelihood of success in US society, and their ability to be financially self-sufficient,' he said.'We need a system that serves our needs remember, it s America First, to choose immigrants based on merit, skill and proficiency and to establish new immigration controls to boost wages and to ensure that open jobs are offered to American workers first.'We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and properly-vetted, and in a manner that serves the national interest,' he said.(With agency inputs)


New York: US president-elect Donald Trump blasted the media on Thursday in his most aggressive tweet yet after his shock win, alleging that the people protesting his victory were 'incited by the media'.'Just had a very open and successful presidential election,' he tweeted late Thursday.'Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!'Thousands of protesters have taken to the streets in major cities across the US since Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night, with the slogan 'Not my President'.Earlier Thursday, Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway called on Clinton and president Barack Obama to speak out against some protesters' calls for violence.'Not cool. @POTUS or Hillary should address,' she tweeted, linking to a story headlined 'People Have to Die': Anti-Trump Protester Calls For Violence on CNN.'In a subsequent interview with Fox News , Conway said demonstrators should 'take their cues' from Obama and former president Bill Clinton, who she said had a 'warm conversation' with Trump on Thursday.As for Trump, she said, 'I know he's fully capable of being the president of all Americans and he's promised to do that.'She added: 'But I would say to these protesters -- who are burning his image, and who have all nasty signs, 'not my president' -- can you imagine if Hillary Clinton had been elected, which I imagine they were all expecting, and the Trump protesters were saying 'not my president' about president Obama? That's all you would hear.'Conway also said people should have some 'self-reflection' and realize that even if Trump is willing to work with people who don't agree with him, he will 'be a tough leader'.'He got elected on certain issues and you can expect him to tackle that very quickly in his administration,' Conway said.On social media, some liberals have used the hashtag #NotMyPresident to express their rejection of Trump's victory, Politico said.Since Tuesday, thousands of demonstrators, including immigration rights and environmental activists, have protested in cities like Boston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., in front of the Trump International Hotel.Although the demonstrations have mostly been peaceful, some protesters burned flags and effigies of Trump, and at least 124 people were arrested, charged with vandalism and assault on officers.(With agency inputs)


Washington: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has pulled into an effective tie with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, erasing a substantial deficit as he consolidated support among his party's likely voters in recent weeks, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos national tracking poll released Friday.The poll showed 40 percent of likely voters supporting Trump and 39 percent backing Clinton for the week of August 26 to September1.Clinton's support has dropped steadily in the weekly tracking poll since Aug. 25, eliminating what had been a eight-point lead for her. Trump's gains came as Republican support for their party's candidate jumped by six percentage points over the past two weeks, to about 78 percent.That is still below the 85 percent support Republican nominee Mitt Romney enjoyed in the summer of 2012, but the improvement helps explain Trump's rise in the poll. The Reuters/Ipsos poll is conducted online in English in all 50 states.The latest poll surveyed 1,804 likely voters over the course of the week; it had a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of three percent.Different polls have produced widely different results over the course of the campaign. In part that's because some,like Reuters/Ipsos, have attempted to measure the preferences of who's likely to vote, while others have surveyed the larger pool of all registered voters.And even those that survey likely voters have different ways of estimating who is likely to cast a ballot. Polling aggregators, which calculate averages of major polls, have shown that Clinton's lead has been shrinking for the past few weeks.Those averages put her advantage over Trump at between three and six percentage points. Some of the more recent individual polls, owever, have the race even tighter. Voters don't elect the American president directly, of course, but through the Electoral College, an assembly representing each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia based on the number of legislators they have in Congress.As of last Friday, the separate Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation polling project estimated Clinton was on track to win the Electoral College, by about 332 votes to 206. Those numbers were scheduled to be updated later Friday.In recent weeks, Clinton has come under renewed criticism over her handling of classified information while serving as U.S. secretary of state, and her family's charitable foundation has come under fresh scrutiny for the donations it accepted while Clinton served in the Obama administration. Meanwhile, Clinton hasn't been campaigning as actively as Trump.Trump, meanwhile, has reshuffled his campaign leadership and sought to broaden his appeal to moderate Republicans and minorities. He recently suggested that he would be a better president than Clinton for African Americans, and has taken steps, including a meeting this week with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, to reach out to immigrants.It remains to be seen whether those efforts will click. Clinton has led Trump through most of the campaign for the November election, though neither candidate appears to have inspired America.In the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll, more than 20 percent of likely voters opted for a choice other than the two major nominees, whether an alternative candidate, 'would not vote' or 'unsure.' That figure is significantly higher than the 10 percent to 14 percent of respondents who answered similarly at this point in the 2012 campaign.Both President Barack Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney enjoyed substantially stronger support at this point in the summer of 2012 than either Trump or Clinton does now. And while Trump has consolidated his support among Republicans, likely voters are expressing an increasingly sour view of Clinton.The share of likely voters with an unfavorable view of the former secretary of state has grown to 57 percent, compared with Trump's 54 percent, her worst showing on that metric in a month. Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia Center for Politics, said he remains convinced Clinton is ahead, somewhere in the range seen among the polling aggregators.'There has been a closing that's completely natural,' Sabato said.'Every four years, you have two national party conventions that produce a bounce of varying sizes. Clinton got a substantial bounce this year that lasted for a full month. It's usually gone around Labor Day, and by then we'll be where we should be, which is right around four to five points' for Clinton.In a separate question in the Reuters/Ipsos poll that included alternative-party candidates, Clinton and Trump were tied at 39 percent. Seven percent supported Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, and two percent supported Jill Stein of the Green Party.(With agency inputs)


Washington: Donald Trump has backed out of a televised debate against Democrat Bernie Sanders just two days after agreeing, prompting the Vermont Senator to say that the Republican presumptive presidential candidate is running away from engaging in a one-on-one discussion with him.Trump said 'now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee, it seems inappropriate that I would debate the second place finisher', referring to Sanders, who is running behind Hillary Clinton in the race to the White House in the Democratic Party.He alleged that the Democratic nominating process is totally rigged and 'Crooked Hillary Clinton' and Deborah Wasserman Schultz, the head of the Democratic National Committee, will not allow Sanders to win.'Likewise, the networks want to make a killing on these events and are not proving to be too generous to charitable causes, in this case, women's health issues. Therefore, as much as I want to debate Bernie Sanders - and it would be an easy payday - I will wait to debate the first place finisher in the Democratic Party, probably Crooked Hillary Clinton, or whoever it may be,' he said in a statement on Friday.This came as a surprise move after saying he would 'love to debate' with Sanders on Thursday, triggering wild speculation and media frenzy.Trump had asked for at least USD 10 million for charity from the hosting television channel. However, Sanders in a statement alleged that Trump is running away from participating in a debate with him, saying there is a 'reason' why the billionaire is doing so which the Americans should be 'able to see it up front in a good debate'.'In recent days, Donald Trump has said he wants to debate, he doesn't want to debate, he wants to debate and, now, he doesn't want to debate.'Given that there are several television networks prepared to carry this debate and donate funds to charity, I hope that he changes his mind once again and comes on board,' Sanders said.'There is a reason why in virtually every national and statewide poll I am defeating Donald Trump,sometimes by very large margins and almost always by far larger margins than Secretary Clinton.'There is a reason for that reality and the American people should be able to see it up front in a good debate and a clash of ideas,' he said. (With agency inputs) 


Washington: Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton leads her Republican rival Donald Trump by 4  points, a latest national opinion poll said on Sunday, two days ahead of the crucial US general elections.Clinton, who has maintained lead over Trump ranging from 1 point to as high as 12 points in most of the opinion polls after the two back-to-back conventions in July, faces the toughest political battle of her life from the real estate billionaire who is less than 18 months old in politics.Read also: Trump is a sexual predator, says writer Salman RushdieThe latest 'Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll' released on Sunday found that 44 percent of the likely voters support 69-year-old Clinton while Trump is supported by 40 percent.Another 6 percent support Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and 2 percent support the Green Party candidate Jill Stein.In a mid-October, the poll conducted by The Wall Street Journal /NBC News, Clinton had a commanding lead of 11 points.The drop of 7 points is seen as an effect of the decision of the FBI last week to re-open its investigation against her alleged email scandal, following which the popularity of Trump has surged.'Much of the change from mid-October comes from Trump winning an increased share of the vote within his own party, which brought him on par with Clinton's support among Democrats,' The Wall Street Journal said.The poll was conducted between November 3 and 5 among 1,282 likely voters.It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.73 points.According to RealClearPolitics, Clinton is leading by 1.8 points in its latest average of major national polls.According to Politico/ Morning Consult poll released on Sunday, Clinton is leading by just three points and is supported by 45 percent  of the likely voters.'While our final poll before the election shows a tight race, Clinton has maintained her small lead in our polling for weeks now,' said Morning Consult co-founder and chief research officer Kyle Dropp.'There is little that could swing voters now in the final hours leading up to Election Day,' Dropp said.The poll surveyed 1,482 likely voters and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 points.(With agency inputs)


New York: The race for the Oval Office tightened significantly in the past week, as several swing states that Republican Donald Trump must win shifted from favoring Democrat Hillary Clinton to toss-ups, according to the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project.The two presidential candidates are now tied in Florida and North Carolina, and Clinton's lead in Michigan has narrowed so much that the state is too close to call. Ohio remains a dead heat and Pennsylvania is now tilting to Clinton.While Clinton remains the odds-on favorite to win Tuesday's election, Trump now has a plausible route to victory, especially if there is a sharp fall in turnout among African-Americans from the levels of the 2012 election.Still, Trump must win both Florida and North Carolina to have a good chance of winning the White House. Clinton could lose both states and still win.The States of the Nation project estimates Clinton's odds of winning the needed 270 Electoral College votes at about 90 percent, down from 95 percent last week. If the election had been held on Wednesday, the project estimates, she would have had 256 solid electoral votes and an estimated final tally of about 302 votes, to 236 for Trump. Last week, she had 278 solid votes and a final tally of 320 votes, to 218 for Trump.By any measure, however, Trump has had a good run in the past week. He has seen his support grow in 24 states while losing ground in 11. Conversely, Clinton's support grew in 13 states while shrinking in 22.Trump's gains came in a period in which he had few new controversies to fend off, while Clinton faced renewed scrutiny of her email practices.Most respondents to the latest survey were asked about their support for the candidates after FBI Director James Comey announced last Friday the agency was examining newly discovered emails that might pertain to Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.Comey had concluded in July at the end of a year-long FBI probe of the email issue that there were no grounds to bring any charges against Clinton. His brief letter to Congress last week said the new trove of emails might or might not be significant.Trump and other Republicans seized on the news to question Clinton's credibility, while Democrats complained it could unfairly influence voters so close to the election.The States of the Nation project is a survey of about 15,000 people every week in all 50 states plus Washington, D.C. State by state results are available by visiting here.Early voting indicatorsIt is unclear if the FBI inquiry upset the balance in the race. But many national polls have found the race tightening in recent days. Polling averages last week showed Clinton with a lead of between 4 and 7 points. Those averages now show her lead at just 2 to 3 points. Last week, the project had her leading 47 percent to 40 percent. This week, it dropped to 45 percent to 42 percent.In the Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll from Oct. 28 to Nov. 1, Clinton led Trump by 6 percentage points among likely voters, the same margin as before the FBI announcement.There are other reasons for the Clinton campaign to worry. Among voters who have cast early ballots, she leads Trump by about 8 points. At the same point in the 2012 race, president Barack Obama had a lead of 11 points among early voters over Republican rival Mitt Romney. Obama's gap narrowed, however, to 6 points just before Election Day, according to the States of the Nation project and separate Reuters/Ipsos polling.In Florida, where the candidates are tied at 47 percent, Clinton leads by 8 points among early voters. In 2012, Obama led by about 15 points.In Ohio, where the race also is tied, she leads by about 20 points among early voters. At this point in 2012, Obama led by about 30 points.It is not clear why Clinton's early voting support has fallen short of Obama's. The shift could indicate a broader cross-section of voters is casting early ballots than in 2012. But the drop might also foreshadow lower-than-expected turnout among the core Democratic constituencies who propelled Obama to victory in 2008 and 2012.Clinton's success is built on holding together those blocs of voters. She does not, for example, enjoy the same support among African-Americans as Obama, the first black U.S. president. Diminished support among blacks, coupled with a large drop in black turnout, would hurt the Democrat.If black Democratic turnout drops by 15 points nationally, for example, Clinton's odds of winning drop to about 72 percent, by a projected margin of just 32 Electoral College votes. A drop of 20 points would reduce the odds of a Clinton victory to little more than a coin toss, according to the project.Even a 10-point drop in black Democratic turnout coupled with a 5-point increase among white Republicans would flip the race to Trump, the project found.The good news for Clinton is that about 60 percent of likely Hispanic voters are supporting her, similar to the numbers Obama enjoyed in 2012. A 10-point increase in Hispanic turnout would go a long way towards offsetting a 10-point decrease in black turnout, according to the project.The outlook is not all gloom for Clinton. She has made the race close in Arizona, a longtime Republican stronghold. She has also regained the lead in Pennsylvania and is leading in Nevada.(With inputs from agency)


Washington: Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump denied the accusations of sexual abuse made against him by several women and called it a conspiracy hatched by his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and the press.The billionaire on Thursday said that the complaints are a 'coordinated, vicious attack' by the 'establishment,' namely the Clintons and the 'corrupt' press who see him as an 'existential threat,' Efe news reported.Several women have come forward to allege that Trump sexually assaulted them in various incidents from the 1980s through 2005, adding to the political scandal sparked last Friday with the release of a 2005 videotape.In the tape, Trump can be heard making lewd and sexist comments about women and bragging about molesting or kissing them against their will.During a campaign rally in West Palm Beach, Florida, Trump said that the complaints are 'totally and absolutely false,' adding that they are 'pure fiction and outright lies'.He called both former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary 'criminals' and he said the US government is a 'cartel,' adding that he has substantial evidence, along with witnesses, that will prove that the accusations of sexual abuse were 'fabricated'.He reiterated that he will file a defamation lawsuit against The New York Times, one of the media outlets that published the stories of women claiming Trump abused them based on interviews with the alleged victims.Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks talked with the Times and complained that Trump had touched and/or kissed them inappropriately in the 1980s and in 2005, respectively.During the second presidential debate with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on Sunday, Trump had denied ever sexually assaulting any women.However, Trump had bragged on the 2005 videotape: 'I just start kissing them. ... It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait.'(With agency inputs)


Washington: Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said he wants to 'debate very badly' with his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton but will first see terms and conditions of the three presidential debates scheduled for September and October.'I will absolutely do three debates. I want to debate very badly. But I have to see the conditions,' Trump told The Time magazine.Debate is considered the most significant part of the US presidential elections, which very often decides the fate of a candidate.The three presidential debates scheduled this time are September 26 (Hempstead, New York), October 9 (St Louis) and October 19 in Las Vegas.The one vice-presidential debate is scheduled for October 4 in Farmville, Virginia.The non-partisan Commission on Presidential Debates, which conducts the debate, had last September announced the dates, venue and terms and conditions for the debate. The format of each 90-minute debate has already been set.Trump said that he had haggled with television networks over the terms of debates held during the GOP primary and might do so again.'I renegotiated the debates in the primaries, remember? They were making a fortune on them and they had us in for three and a half hours and I said that's ridiculous.'I am sure they'll be open to any suggestions I have, because I think they'll be very fair suggestions. But I haven't (seen the conditions) yet. They're actually presented to me tonight,' he said.Trump also said he reserved the right to object to the commission's choice of moderators, which have not yet been announced.'I'll have to see who the moderators are. Yeah, I would say that certain moderators would be unacceptable, absolutely. I did very well in the debates on the primaries. According to the polls, I won all of them. So I look forward to thedebates. But, yeah, I want to have fair moderators. I will demand fair moderators,' he said.Meanwhile, Politico reported that the Commission is preparing for a third seat on the podium of the debate in case any of the third party candidates get more than 15 per cent in recent national polls.  (with agency inputs)


Paris: Used to relying heavily on one key player for their European glory in the past -- Michel Platini and Zinedine Zidane in the 1984 and 2000 tournaments respectively -- French fans have two talented players on whom to pin their hopes at Euro 2016.Some suggested one was exhausted after a gruelling season and the other might be overrated, but France's Antoine Griezmann and Paul Pogba have started to prove the critics wrong.After recovering from sluggish starts, the speedy striker and the gifted midfielder are expected to be France's trump cards when the hosts take on world champions Germany in their semifinal on Thursday.The form of the two players has gone hand in hand with that of the host nation, both improving to silence their critics and reassure their fans.They each scored in a comfortable 5-2 quarterfinal victory over Iceland and Griezmann now tops the scorers' table with four goals.The picture looked different a few weeks ago, when France coach Didier Deschamps dropped both men to the bench for his side's second group game against Albania after they had failed to convince in a laboured 2-1 win over Romania.They came on for the second half and Griezmann scored the first of France's two last-gasp goals in a 2-0 win.Pogba needed more time, however.'Is Pogba the world's most overrated player?' former England striker-turned-broadcaster Gary Lineker tweeted after the midfielder looked ordinary in a 2-1 win over Ireland in the second round.'I'm not worried,' was the answer of France goalkeeper and captain Hugo Lloris. 'Great players often wait for important moments to show their class.'Pogba did just that against Iceland, using his rare blend of athleticism and skills to the full and crowning a fine display with a superb headed goal.Griezmann was already the fans' favourite.The image of midfielder Dimitri Payet kneeling down to kiss his left boot after his goals has been compared with the head-kissing ritual between defender Laurent Blanc and keeper Fabien Barthez during France's successful 1998 World Cup campaign.The 25-year-old Griezmann reached new heights this season as his goalscoring steered Atletico Madrid to the Champions League final. Atletico coach Diego Simeone described the disciplined, hard-working striker as one of the world's top three players.Griezmann often walks around sipping yerba mate -- an infused drink popular in parts of South America -- and always wears long sleeves, following the habit of his childhood hero David Beckham.He also knows how to beat Germany's influential goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, having done so in Atletico's 2-1 victory over Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals, when he finished a great run with a clever finish inside the box.The German players will also have to keep a close eye on Pogba.Highly successful at club level with Juventus, having helped them to four Serie A titles, the 23-year-old has often frustrated fans with below-par performances on the international stage.Some believe Pogba has shown only glimpses of his obvious talent. French fans hope that now is the time for him to shake off his tag as a gifted, but erratic player.(With inputs from Agencies) 


New York: A researcher at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has developed a Donald Trump Twitterbot that tweets out remarkably Trump-like statements such as 'I'm what IS (Islamic State) doesn't need.'Dubbed as 'Deep Drumpf', the bot is based on an artificial-intelligence (AI) algorithm that is trained on just a few hours of transcripts of Republican presidential candidate Trump's victory speeches and debate performances, said post-doc Bradley Hayes from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL).The 'Deep Drumpf' got its name from 'Last Week Tonight' host and comedian John Oliver who bombarded Trump on his show where he revealed the politician's original family name is actually Drumpf.The bot creates tweets one letter at a time. For example, if the bot randomly begins its Tweet with the letter "M," it is somewhat likely to be followed by an 'A,' and then a 'K,' and so on until the bot types out Trump's campaign slogan, 'Make America Great Again.'It then starts over for the next sentence and repeats the process until it reaches the 140-character limit.The Tweetbot's creator Hayes used techniques from "deep-learning," a field of artificial intelligence that uses systems called "neural networks" to teach computers to find patterns on their own.Hayes was inspired by an existing training model that can simulate Shakespeare, as well as a recent report that analysed the presidential candidates' linguistic patterns to find that Trump speaks at a fourth-grade level."Trump's language tends to be more simplistic, so I figured that, as a modelling problem, he would be the most manageable candidate to study," Hayes said in a statement.@Deep Drumpf's Tweets don't always make complete sense, but are usually at least partially coherent - much like the candidate himself."The algorithm essentially learns an underlying structure from all the data it gets, and then comes up with different combinations of the data that reflect the structure that it was taught," Hayes explained. The bot has even directly interfaced with Trump's Twitter account.In those cases, Hayes gives the algorithm language from the real Trump's Tweet, which primes it to give a response that is more likely to be contextually relevant. With Trump emerging as the front-runner in the presidential nomination race, the Republican establishment has mounted a concerted attack on the brash billionaire on and off stage only to have the tables turned on them.Trump leads the Republican delegate count with 315, according to a CNN estimate.Cruz is in the second lead with 205, and Rubio with 106.The winner needs to have the support of a majority of the 2,340 delegates in 50 states.(With inputs from Agencies)


New York: As Republican Donald Trump won the US presidential election, reactions on Twitter ranged from shock and disgust to congratulatory messages.'I am in complete and utter shock right now...' Naila Ahmad tweeted.''Tremendous...tremendous!' Yep, we're all sitting in a tremendous pile of $@!t right now,' another tweet from the user read.'Donald trump won I'm disappointed in this country to have this buffoon as our president,' a user by the name David wrote.Trump was on Wednesday elected the new US President, defeating forecasters who had predicted a Hillary Clinton win in one of the most bitterly fought Presidential battles.'Cannot believe i live in a country where Donald Trump actually was voted for &amp; won. This is disgusting,' read another tweet.Many even said they would not accept Trump as their President.'Woke up and saw that Donald Trump won the election, That man is not MY PRESIDENT,' a user from Maryland said.A female user who vowed to shave her head if Trump wins, said, 'I will never respect Donald Trump. I hope one day all of you who voted for him realise what a mistake you've made.''Missing Obama already. Scared to witness #DonaldTrump as the next President,' an 'explorer of human consciousness' tweeted.Another user from South Africa went to the extent of comparing the consequences of Trump's win with that of the disastrous September 11 terrorist attack on the American soil.'Date: 09/11 Event: #DonaldTrump becomes the New #USPresident,' DJ Busang tweeted.'And America decided to let go halloween for the next four years. Congratulations America,' Vishal Gaurav from India said in a tweet laced with sarcasm.'In 2011, Trump said, 'All Americans are idiot', now they proved it!' another user from India mocked.The 2016 presidential race saw the Republican nominee confronting the conventional media at several points of time and President Barack Obama accusing social network sites of spreading lies about the election.With 35 million tweets on the US election day, Twitter on Wednesday broke its earlier record set in 2012 election day of more than 31 million tweets.Some users even expressed fear at the prospects of a Trump presidency becoming a reality.'People who voted for Trump better not complain when world war 3 starts. They asked for this joke of a person to run this country,' a tweet read.'I'm only hoping he doesn't blast a nuclear weapon to celebrate the victory,' Nikhil Sapre from Britain noted.Comparing the newly-elected US president to Adolf Hitler, another user said, 'Well done America. You just elected Hitler the second. Make america RACIST again!'All the messages on Twitter, however, were not hostile to the newly elected President of the US.'#DonaldTrump Congratulations! Thank you, master!' Gustavo Conforti tweeted.'I'm not going to hear the end of the liberals whining about how the country is ruined and that we're all going to die...', a user with the name The Average Voter tweeted.'Congrats to Donald Trump on beating SATAN, No more puppets!,' another user wrote on the micro-blogging site.'Donald Trump is a strong representation of America in 2016. This was no mistake,' another tweet read.The 70-year-old will be the 45th President of the US. Clinton immediately called Trump to concede the election defeat and congratulate him. (With inputs from agencies)


Toronto/Wellington: Canada's main immigration website appeared to crash and New Zealand reported increased traffic from U.S. nationals as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump inched closer to the White House on Wednesday.Canada's main immigration website appeared to suffer repeated outages on Tuesday night as Trump took the lead in several major states and his prospects for winning the U.S. presidency turned markedly higher.In New Zealand, immigration officials told Reuters on the eve of the vote that New Zealand Now website, which deals with residency and student visas, had received 1,593 registrations from United States citizens since Nov. 1 - more than 50 percent of a typical month's registrations in just seven days.Visits to New Zealand Now from the United States were up almost 80 percent to 41,000 from 7 Oct to 7 November, compared to the same period last year.Rod Drury, the chief executive of NZ-based global accounting software firm Xero, said the statistics matched up with interest his company has been seeing from prospective U.S. national employees concerned about a Trump win. Drury said what started as a joke was becoming a reality.'I've got lots of messages coming through at the moment asking for a job in New Zealand, and we're saying 'yes youcan',' Drury told Reuters by telephone on Wednesday.'It will be interesting to see whether it translates into real action, it's an active conversation that moved to getting more serious and we'll see what will happen in the next month."NZ immigration officials declined to comment. Meanwhile, some users in the United States, Canada and Asia saw an internal server error message when trying to access Canada's immigration website.Canadian officials could not immediately be reached for comment, but the website's problems were noted by many on Twitter. After some Americans, often jokingly, said they would move to Canada if Trump was elected, the idea was taken up by some Canadian communities.In February, the island of Cape Breton on Canada's Atlantic coast marketed itself as a tranquil refuge for Americans seeking to escape should Trump capture the White House. Drury said New Zealand and other non-American tech companies would benefit from a Trump win.'A lot of the tech world has been driven out of the U.S. and I think this does change the landscape quite a lot,' he said.Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg told the New York Times in July that her late husband Martin D. Ginsburg would have been advocating a move to New Zealand if Trump became president.(With agency inputs)


